feat: add getting started (#9)
faast-rt/docs: pages/docs/index.mdx

---
title: 'Faast Documentation'
description:
  'Welcome to the documentation of Faast, a cutting-edge Function as a Service
  (FaaS) server designed to maximize both efficiency and functionality.'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Introduction

Welcome to the documentation of Faast, a cutting-edge Function as a Service

> (FaaS) server designed to maximize both efficiency and functionality. Developed

Reviewer: "To maximize functionality" ? our one and only functionality you mean ? :joy:

Author: Done.

optimizing the system's performance.

Through these meticulously engineered components and environments, Faast
transcends conventional FaaS offerings, providing a high-performance, reliable,
and extensible platform capable of meeting the demanding needs of contemporary
serverless computing landscapes.

## Features

- The utilization of a custom initramfs and Linux kernel, along with
  language-specific SDKs, ensures optimized performance and communication
  between the VM and the API.
- Faast dynamically receives and executes function code via API without
  retaining the function, ensuring lightweight operation and real-time code
  execution.
- Faast enables streamlined virtual machine launch and management, enhancing the
  efficiency of function execution.
- Faast offers a robust and high-speed platform suitable for high-demand
  serverless computing scenarios.
- The use of GRPC for communication between the VM and the API provides a
  modern, protocol-buffer based method for ensuring efficient, robust, and
  secure inter-component communication.

## License

Distributed under the Apache 2.0 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Authors

> This project was initialy developed by the Polytech DO teams in April 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was initially developed by the Polytech DO teams (thanks to the help of Samuel Ortiz) in April 2023.
```

Reviewer 2: We could even add his profile: https://github.com/sameo

Author: Done.
